---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ping_test Resource - terraform-provider-catchpoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ping_test (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `division_id` (Number) The Division where the Test will be created
- `end_time` (String) End time for the Test in ISO format like 2024-12-30T04:59:00Z
- `product_id` (Number) The parent Product under which the Test will be created
- `test_location` (String) The domain or IP to be tested. Example: www.catchpoint.com
- `test_name` (String) The name of the Test

### Optional

- `advanced_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) Optional. Used for overriding the advanced settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--advanced_settings))
- `alert_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) Optional. Used for overriding the alert section (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings))
- `alerts_paused` (Boolean) Optional. Switch for pausing Test alerts
- `enable_test_data_webhook` (Boolean) Optional. Switch for enabling test data webhook feature
- `folder_id` (Number) Optional. The Folder under which the Test will be created
- `label` (Block Set) Optional. Label with key, values pair (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--label))
- `monitor` (String) The monitor to use for the Ping Test. Supported: 'ping icmp','ping tcp','ping udp'
- `schedule_settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) Optional. Used for overriding the schedule section (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedule_settings))
- `start_time` (String) Start time for the Test in ISO format like 2024-12-30T04:59:00Z
- `status` (String) Optional. Test status: active or inactive
- `test_description` (String) Optional. The Test description
- `thresholds` (Block Set) Optional. Test thresholds for test time and availability percentage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--thresholds))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--advanced_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advanced_settings`

Optional:

- `additional_monitor` (String) Optional. Set the additional monitor to run along with the test monitor: 'ping icmp', 'ping tcp', 'ping udp','traceroute icmp','traceroute udp','traceroute tcp'
- `bandwidth_throttling` (String) Optional. Set the bandwidth throttling for chrome: 'gprs','regular 2g','good 2g','regular 3g','good 3g','regular 4g','dsl','wifi'
- `debug_primary_host_on_failure` (Boolean) Optional. True enables verify on debug primary host on failure
- `enable_path_mtu_discovery` (Boolean) Optional. True enables Path MTU Discovery
- `verify_test_on_failure` (Boolean) Optional. True enables verify on test failure setting


<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings`

Required:

- `notification_group` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) Notification group for setting up alert recipients, adding alert webhook ids. To ensure either recipient_email_ids or contact_groups is provided (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings--notification_group))

Optional:

- `alert_rule` (Block Set) Optional. Sets the alert rule with attributes such as threshold, trigger type, warning, critical trigger and more (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings--alert_rule))

<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings--notification_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings.notification_group`

Required:

- `subject` (String) Email subject for the alert notifications. Required field.

Optional:

- `alert_webhook_ids` (List of Number) Optional. Alert webhook ids for the webhook endpoints to associate with this alert setting.
- `contact_groups` (List of String) Optional. List of contact groups to receive alert notifications. To ensure either recipient_email_ids or contact_groups is provided
- `recipient_email_ids` (List of String) Optional. List of emails to alert. To ensure either recipient_email_ids or contact_groups is provided


<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings--alert_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings.alert_rule`

Required:

- `alert_type` (String) Sets the alert type
- `node_threshold_type` (String) Sets the node threshold type for alert: 'runs', 'average across node' or 'node'
- `notification_group` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 5) List of Notification groups for configuring alert notifications, including recipients' email addresses and alert settings. To ensure either recipient_email_ids or contact_groups is provided (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_settings--alert_rule--notification_group))

Optional:

- `alert_sub_type` (String) Optional. Sets the sub alert type: 'ping rtt','ping packet loss'
- `consecutive_number_of_runs` (Number) Optional. Sets the number of consecutive runs only if enable_consecutive field is true and node_threshold_type is node
- `critical_reminder` (String) Optional. Sets alert critical reminder interval: 'none', '1 minute', '5 minutes', '10 minutes', '15 minutes', '30 minutes', '1 hour', 'daily'
- `critical_trigger` (Number) Optional. Critical trigger value for 'specific value' and 'trailing value' trigger types.
- `enable_consecutive` (Boolean) Optional. Checks consecutive number of runs or nodes for triggering alerts.
- `enforce_test_failure` (Boolean) Optional. Sets enforce test failure property for an alert
- `expression` (String) Optional. Sets trigger expression for content match alert type
- `historical_interval` (String) Optional. Sets the historical interval for 'trailing value' trigger type: '5 minutes', '10 minutes', '15 minutes', '30 minutes', '1 hour', '2 hours', '6 hours', '12 hours', '1 day', '1 week'
- `notification_type` (String) Optional. Notification group type to alert. Supports only default contacts for now.
- `number_of_failing_nodes` (Number) Optional. Sets the number of failed nodes the alert should trigger if node_threshold_type is 'average across nodes'
- `omit_scatterplot` (Boolean) Optional. Omits scatterplot image from alert emails if set to true
- `operation_type` (String) Optional. Sets the operation type:'equals', 'not equals', 'greater than', 'greater than or equals', 'less than', 'less than or equals'
- `statistical_type` (String) Optional. Sets the statistical type for 'trailing value' trigger type. Supports only 'average' for now
- `threshold_interval` (String) Optional. Sets the alert time threshold: 'default', '5 minutes', '10 minutes', '15 minutes', '30 minutes', '1 hour', '2 hours', '6 hours', '12 hours'
- `threshold_number_of_runs` (Number) Optional. Sets the threshold for the number of runs or nodes the alert should trigger
- `threshold_percentage_of_runs` (Number) Optional. Sets the threshold for the percentage of runs the alert should trigger
- `trigger_type` (String) Optional. Sets the trigger type: 'specific value', 'trailing value', 'trendshift'
- `use_rolling_window` (Boolean) Optional. Set to true for using rolling window instead of schedule time threshold
- `warning_reminder` (String) Optional. Sets alert warning reminder interval: 'none', '1 minute', '5 minutes', '10 minutes', '15 minutes', '30 minutes', '1 hour', 'daily'
- `warning_trigger` (Number) Optional. Warning trigger value for 'specific value' and 'trailing value' trigger types.

<a id="nestedblock--alert_settings--alert_rule--notification_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_settings.alert_rule.notification_group`

Required:

- `subject` (String) Email subject for the alert notifications. Required field.

Optional:

- `contact_groups` (List of String) Optional. List of contact groups to receive alert notifications. To ensure either recipient_email_ids or contact_groups is provided
- `notify_on_critical` (Boolean) Optional. Set to true to include critical alerts in notifications. Default is false.
- `notify_on_improved` (Boolean) Optional. Set to true to include improved alerts in notifications. Default is false.
- `notify_on_warning` (Boolean) Optional. Set to true to include warning alerts in notifications. Default is false.
- `recipient_email_ids` (List of String) Optional. List of email addresses to receive alert notifications. To ensure either recipient_email_ids or contact_groups is provided




<a id="nestedblock--label"></a>
### Nested Schema for `label`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--schedule_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_settings`

Required:

- `frequency` (String) Sets the scheduling frequency: '1 minute', '5 minutes', '10 minutes', '15 minutes', '20 minutes', '30 minutes', '60 minutes', '2 hours', '3 hours', '4 hours', '6 hours', '8 hours', '12 hours', '24 hours', '4 minutes', '2 minutes'
- `node_distribution` (String) Node distribution type: 'random' or 'concurrent'

Optional:

- `maintenance_schedule_id` (Number) Optional. The maintenance schedule id to utilize for the test
- `no_of_subset_nodes` (Number) Optional. Number of subset nodes
- `node_group_ids` (List of Number) Optional if node_ids is used. Node group ids in a list
- `node_ids` (List of Number) Optional. if node_group_ids is used. Node ids in a list
- `run_schedule_id` (Number) Optional. The run schedule id to utilize for the test


<a id="nestedblock--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `thresholds`

Required:

- `availability_critical` (Number)
- `availability_warning` (Number)
- `test_time_critical` (Number)
- `test_time_warning` (Number)
